Documentation for New PowerToys Toy (Paste As Plain Text) (#4311)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-dev-docs: hub/powertoys/paste-as-plain-text.md

---
title: PowerToys Paste as Plain Text for Windows
description: Allows you to paste text from your clipboard, excluding text-formatting, with a quick key shortcut.
ms.date: 02/10/2023
ms.topic: article
ms.localizationpriority: medium
no-loc: [PowerToys, Windows, PowerToys Paste as Plain Text, Paste as Plain Text, Win]
---

# Paste as Plain Text

> Allows you to paste text from your clipboard, excluding text-formatting, with a quick key shortcut.

Reviewer: I feel we should directly comment it will replace your clipboard with the unformatted version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PowerToys **Paste as plain text** enables you to paste text stored in your clipboard, excluding any text-formatting, using a quick key shortcut. Any formatting included with the clipboard text will be replaced with an unformatted version of the text.
```

![Paste as Plain Text screenshot.](../images/pt-paste-as-plain-text.png)

## Getting started

### Enable

> To start using Paste as Plain Text, enable it in the PowerToys Settings (Paste as Plain Text section).

Reviewer 2: **Paste as Plain Text** <- suggestion to bold mentions of the tool title
